there were more than 160 boats in gaza's
balport at least 131 of them are out of
service the fishing sector is the second
most profitable on the Strip the Israeli
occupations been targeting the industry
since 2006 we've repeatedly said that
the Israeli governments directly
deliberately and systematically
destroying our fishing sector through
pursuing chasing and shooting our
fishermen this has led to more killing
destruction and confiscation of fishing
boats as Palestinians the fishermen have
had their large share of Destruction
since Israel started its war on the Gaza
Strip against our
people you can see the total Destruction
this sea is our only source of
livelihood all we can do is fish we
can't do any other job I've lost cousins
family money and our boats now we don't
even have food nothing is left for us at
all
when our situation became miserable and
we no longer knew what to do we came
here we spent three nights sleeping on
the streets without food or water kind
people gave us some blankets the Israeli
forces begin firing at 5: in the morning
our children are sick and we've lost
almost all
hope the port is completely destroyed
this boat is burnt and this one was
targeted and a third one was targeted
over there this means that we can die at
any moment here the destruction and
firing is
ongoing now we can safely say that no
single boats working there's no single
boat working in North Gaza the Israeli
occupations totally destroyed the sole
and only port in Gaza Strip if the war
stops now the fishermen in Gaza will
find that there are no boats for
fishing the conditions of the fishing
boats after 16 years of operating have
become worn out our fishing sector needs
Millions to be able to operate
properly make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz